WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. HONEY, HONEY.
HONEY, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
EVEN THOUGH WE'RE COMING
BACK FROM THE HOSPITAL,
TECHNICALLY WE ARE STILL
COMING BACK FROM OUR WEDDING,
AND THERE ARE TRADITIONS.
WHICH CAN WAIT.
NO. UNH-UH. NOPE. SORRY.
THIS NEW HUSBAND WILL NOW CARRY
HIS NEW WIFE OVER THE THRESHOLD.
BUT I REALLY GOT TO PEE.
SO I WON'T PICK YOU
UP BY THE BLADDER.
HERE WE GO. READY? 1, 2, 3!
OH! WHOA! OH!
HERE WE GO. OKAY, READY?
- OKAY.
- YEAH.
OH! AHH!
OH!
YOU CALL THAT CAREFUL?
PUT ME DOWN, PLEASE.
NO. WE'RE DOING THIS.
THERE ARE OTHER
THRESHOLDS IN THIS HOUSE.
AHH!
YEAH! TA-DA!
WASN'T THAT ROMANTIC?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. I
GOT TO PEE SO BAD.
IN 20 YEARS, YOU'RE GOING TO BE
VERY HAPPY THAT I JUST DID THAT.
NO, I WON'T.
- YEAH, YOU WILL.
- WILL NOT.
( mouths )
I HEARD THAT!
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ OKAY ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ OKAY ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK WITH ME ♪
Melissa: I HAD TO
TOAST MY OWN BAGEL!
OH, THANK YOU, EVERYBODY,
FOR HELPING THE CRIPPLED BRIDE!
OH, I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH.
WHERE'S MY COFFEE?
OH, DAMN.
HEY, LOOK AT YOU GETTING
AROUND LIKE A PRO.
I TRIED TO SCRATCH MY KNEE
AND I GOT A FORK
STUCK DOWN THERE.
I GUESS THAT MEANS YOU'RE DONE.
OH!
WELL, GET READY TO LOVE ME,
BECAUSE I JUST GOT US
A FULL REFUND FOR OUR HONEYMOON.
THAT'S RIGHT, BABY. YEAH.
HOTEL, AIRFARE... THE
WORKS, ALL RIGHT?
AND IF I RECALL,
A CERTAIN PERSON
HERE IN THE KITCHEN
LAUGHED AT ME FOR
BUYING TRIP INSURANCE.
SO A LATTE A DAY.
YAY FOR US. WE'RE NOT
GOING TO TAHITI.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S TAKE A PICTURE IN
FRONT OF THE REFUND CHECK
POST IT, AND MAKE ALL
OF OUR FRIENDS JEALOUS.
I KNOW YOU'RE DISAPPOINTED WE
CAN'T GO ON THE HONEYMOON,
BUT I PROMISE YOU,
WHEN YOU'RE UP AND
RUNNING AT 100%,
I'M GOING TO TAKE YOU ON
THAT HONEYMOON, OKAY?
ALONG WITH ALL THE
EXCITING THINGS
THAT HAPPEN ON A HONEYMOON.
OH, I'M NOT WAITING ANOTHER
FOUR WEEKS FOR THAT.
I WANT IT NOW.
THIS MARRIAGE NEEDS
TO BE CONSUMMATED.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO UPSTAIRS.
NO. THIS IS NOT TAHITI.
THIS IS HARDLY A
ROMANTIC SETTING.
WELL, LET'S CHANGE
ALL THAT, SEXY MAMA.
COME ON. OOH. DO YOU FEEL THAT?
DO YOU FEEL THAT WARM,
TROPICAL, ROMANTIC BREEZE?
BRING IT IN. COME ON.
( alarm beeping )
IS THAT THE SMOKE ALARM?
WHAT IS IT?
THAT WOULD BE THE TOASTER.
SEE, AND THAT'S WHAT
HAPPENS TO A TOASTER
WHEN SOMEBODY DOESN'T TAKE THE
CRUMBS OUT OF THE BOTTOM OF IT.
OH, WOW. THAT WAS SO HOT.
LECTURE ME AGAIN, BAD BOY.
ALL RIGHT, YOU'RE RIGHT. FINE.
IT'S NOT IMPORTANT.
IT'S JUST A TOASTER.
THERE ARE WAY MORE
IMPORTANT THINGS,
LIKE, UM, YOU KNOW, HOW
WELL YOU'RE DOING,
BECAUSE YOU HAVE HAD
ONE HECK OF A WEEK.
I MEAN, DREAM WEDDING
INTERRUPTED,
MY DAUGHTER MOVING IN WITH US.
YOU FALLING OFF THE ROOF.
US HAVING TO GET
MARRIED IN A HOSPITAL.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
THROUGH IT ALL, SWEETIE,
SOMEHOW YOU MANAGED TO
MAINTAIN YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR.
AND I LOOK FABULOUS.
YEAH, THAT GOES WITHOUT SAYING.
I MEAN... THAT'S WHY
I DIDN'T SAY IT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT WE
NEED TO DO RIGHT NOW?
WE NEED TO TAKE CARE OF YOU.
COME ON. BRING IT IN.
JOE! JOE! THE
TOILET'S OVERFLOWING!
ALL I DID WAS FLUSH IT.
NOT MY FAULT.
DID YOU JIGGLE THE
HANDLE FIRST, HONEY?
YOU GOT TO JIGGLE
THE HANDLE FIRST.
HEY, I'M NEW HERE.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOUR TOILETS WORK.
DANI, YOU GOT TO
JIGGLE THE HANDLE!
I TOLD YOU THAT STUFF'S
GOING TO GET EVERYWHERE!
I'LL GET THE PLUNGER!
IT'S THE HONEYMOON I
ALWAYS DREAMED OF.
OH, THE FREAKING FORK!
NICE VIEW OF THE HILLS.
SHH! SOMEONE MIGHT HEAR.
OKAY, BUT WE'RE A COUPLE NOW.
THAT'S CUTE COUPLE BANTER.
LOOK, WHATEVER WE ARE,
NO ONE NEEDS TO KNOW.
COME ON! LET'S TELL THEM!
MARCO, WE'VE BEEN OVER THIS.
IF YOUR UNCLE JOE FINDS
OUT, HE WILL KILL YOU.
AND IF WE TELL MY AUNT MEL,
SHE'LL TELL JOE, AND
HE WILL KILL YOU.
NAH. HE WON'T.
HE WAS TELLING ME THIS MORNING
HOW GLAD HE IS TO
HAVE ME AROUND.
BECAUSE HE THINKS YOU
STAYED IN TOWN TO HELP OUT,
BUY GROCERIES.
HE THINKS ALL YOU'RE
DOING IS ERRANDS,
NOT, YOU KNOW, ME.
AND HAVE I BEEN HELPFUL
WITH THE GROCERIES?
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
YES, I DO.
AND RESTOCKING SHELVES
THIS MORNING,
DID YOU LIKE THAT?
OKAY, STOP IT.
IT'S JUST TOO RISKY
TO LET PEOPLE KNOW.
WHAT'S TOO RISKY?
WHERE DID YOU COME FROM?
A ONE-NIGHT STAND
BETWEEN JOE AND MY MOM.
BUT YOU KNOW THAT.
NOW, TELL ME WHAT'S TOO RISKY.
OKAY, NO ONE KNOWS THIS YET,
- BUT LENNOX AND I...
- HAVE PSORIASIS.
- REALLY?
- YES.
OH. ITCHY, ITCHY PSORIASIS.
AND WE'RE JUST NOT COMFORTABLE
TELLING PEOPLE ABOUT IT.
- RIGHT, MARCO?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
WE SCRATCH EACH OTHER SECRETLY.
OKAY, JUST PUT THE
GROCERIES AWAY.
WHY DON'T WE BOTH PUT THEM AWAY?
THEN WE CAN GO BACK TO
SCRATCHING EACH OTHER.
I DON'T ITCH RIGHT NOW.
MAYBE WE CAN PUT AWAY A
COUPLE CANS OF SOUP,
SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
AUNT MEL, I NEED TO TALK.
- I'VE GOT A PROBLEM.
- OH, ME TOO.
PAINT MY TOES.
OKAY, IT'S ABOUT A RELATIONSHIP,
AND IT'S COMPLICATED.
OH! YOU'RE GETTING BACK
TOGETHER WITH ZANDER!
SO THAT THING AT THE WEDDING
WAS JUST A LITTLE TIFF?
- I KNEW IT.
- ARE YOU KIDDING?
ZANDER AND I ARE OVER FOREVER.
AS IT SHOULD BE.
I MEAN, WE WERE BARELY BROKEN UP
AND HE GOES OFF AND SLEEPS
WITH ONE OF HIS ROOMMATES.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT? I
CAN DO THE SAME THING.
- SO I DID.
- OOH, REBOUND FLING?
THOSE CAN BE SO HOT.
OH, YEAH.
OH, I BET I KNOW WHO IT IS.
YOU DON'T KNOW HIM.
I BET IT'S THAT NORWEGIAN
EXCHANGE STUDENT
WHO DROVE YOU HOME LAST WEEK.
TORBETT, RIGHT?
YES, TORBETT,
WITH HIS SPICY NORWEGIAN BLOOD.
BUT HERE'S THE PROBLEM.
TORBETT WANTS TO
BE MY BOYFRIEND,
OUT IN THE OPEN, FULL-TIME.
AND YOU DON'T THINK HE'S
BOYFRIEND MATERIAL?
HE'S NOT.
WE'RE JUST TOO... DIFFERENT.
BUT HOW DO YOU TELL A GUY
THAT WITHOUT HURTING HIM?
YOU JUST GOT TO BE
HONEST WITH HIM.
I WANT TO, BUT THEN HE
TAKES HIS SHIRT OFF,
AND I FORGET WHAT
I'M GOING TO SAY.
YEAH, I AM FAMILIAR
WITH SIX-PACK AMNESIA.
BOTH KINDS.
BUT, YOU KNOW, IN MY
PERSONAL EXPERIENCE,
I HAVE LEARNED THAT MEN
HAVE FEELINGS, TOO,
AND YOU CAN'T LEAD THEM ON.
SO BREAK UP WITH HIM?
- YES.
- IS THAT WHAT YOU WOULD DO?
NO.
AND THAT'S HOW I KNOW
IT'S THE RIGHT THING.
- HEY!
- HEY.
WAIT A MINUTE. YOU
WERE OUT BY YOURSELF?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
UPSTAIRS RESTING.
NOPE. I WAS ON A
MISSION OF LOVE.
I UBER'ED TO THE DOCTOR,
AND GOT MYSELF THIS LITTLE MINI!
WELL, LOOK AT THAT.
IT'S FUN-SIZED.
YEAH!
FUN IS RIGHT,
BECAUSE NOW EVERYTHING IS
MORE, MMM, ACCESSIBLE.
THAT'S GOING TO BE VERY HELPFUL.
LISTEN, I KNOW HOW
DISAPPOINTED YOU'VE BEEN
ABOUT THE HONEYMOON, OKAY?
BUT I WANT YOU TO KNOW ALL
THAT HAS NOW BEEN FIXED,
BY ME, FOR YOU...
MRS. LONGO.
WHOA. WHO SAID I'M MRS. LONGO?
MRS. MEL MY NEW WIFE.
YOU ARE GETTING THAT
ROMANTIC GETAWAY AFTER ALL.
I FOUND US AN INCREDIBLE
LAST-MINUTE HONEYMOON DEAL.
WHERE?
INCREDIBLE-LAST-MINUTE
HONEYMOON-DEALS-DOT.COM.
"SECLUDED CABINS, FIREPLACES,
"PANORAMIC VIEWS OF LAKE EERIE."
JOE, IT LOOKS SO PRETTY,
BUT CAN WE REALLY JUST UP
AND GO AWAY RIGHT NOW?
YES, WE CAN.
LOOK, RYDER'S GOING TO BE AT
HIS FRIEND'S HOUSE ALL WEEK
'CAUSE HE THOUGHT WE WERE
GOING TO BE IN TAHITI.
OKAY, NEVER SAY TAHITI UNLESS
WE ARE STANDING ON IT.
MY POINT IS, HE'S TAKEN CARE OF.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT DANI? SHE'S
BRAND NEW IN THE HOUSE.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW
HOW WE USE OUR TOILETS.
SHE'S GOT A LITTLE BIT
OF A TROUBLED PAST.
ARE YOU SURE WE CAN LEAVE
HER HERE UNSUPERVISED?
WE'RE NOT GOING TO BE LEAVING
HER HERE UNSUPERVISED
BECAUSE...
REMEMBER WHEN I HAD
THAT SECURITY COMPANY
COME OVER HERE AND
INSTALL THOSE CAMERAS?
I FINALLY DOWNLOADED THE
APP UP ON MY PHONE,
SO NOW WE CAN CHECK IN
AND SEE WHAT'S GOING ON
IN THIS HOUSE WHENEVER WE WANT.
WATCH THIS. THERE WE GO.
HI. HEY. HEY, EVERYBODY.
HI. IT'S US.
HEY, DID YOU PUT ONE OF
THESE IN OUR BEDROOM?
- NO.
- COULD YOU?
ALREADY DID, BABY.
YEAH!
SO NOT ONLY DO WE
HAVE THE CAMERAS,
BUT SHE'S ALSO GOING TO
HAVE TWO CHAPERONES HERE.
SHE'S GOT, FOR THE BRAWN, MARCO,
AND FOR THE BRAINS,
THE MOST RESPONSIBLE
GIRL IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
LENNOX!
- LENNOX!
- WHAT? WHAT?
Joey: COULD YOU COME
DOWN HERE FOR A SECOND?
WE NEED TO TALK!
TELL HIM YOU'RE BUSY.
NO. PUT YOUR SHIRT ON.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
YOU... THAT SHIRT NEVER
COMES OFF AGAIN.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS ARE IN
CHARGE UNTIL WE GET BACK.
THIS SHOULD BE ENOUGH
TO COVER ALL THE MEALS.
AUNT MEL, THE ONLY PEOPLE
WHO USE CASH ANYMORE
ARE DRUG DEALERS AND
THE TOOTH FAIRY.
WHAT KIND OF KID
TURNS DOWN MONEY?
OH, I'M TAKING IT. I'M JUST
BEING SNARKY ABOUT IT.
MARCO, MAKE YOURSELF USEFUL.
THERE IS NO OTHER
REASON I'M HERE.
SO, DANI, LISTEN, HONEY.
I LEFT THE NUMBER TO
THE INN ON THE FRIDGE.
WHY WOULDN'T I JUST
CALL YOUR CELL PHONE?
WELL, IN CASE THERE'S
A METEOR SHOWER
AND IT KNOCKS OUT ALL THE
CELLULAR TRANSMISSION.
OH, WELL, THEN WE'LL BE OKAY
WITH OUR $40 CASH UNTIL
THE ZOMBIES ATTACK.
I LEFT MY PAINKILLERS UPSTAIRS.
OH, I'LL GET THEM FOR YOU.
OH, THANKS, SWEETHEART.
OH, AND I COUNTED THEM!
SO DID YOU BREAK UP
WITH TORBETT YET?
OH, I TRIED,
- BUT HE TOOK HIS SHIRT OFF.
- YES.
AND FOR EVERY AB, MY I.Q.
DROPPED 10 POINTS.
- HE MUST BE REALLY CUTE.
- SO CUTE!
- WHO'S CUTE?
- OH, YOU ARE, HONEY.
I KNOW THAT. WHAT WERE
YOU GUYS TALKING ABOUT?
OH, SHE'S SEEING
THIS BOY AT SCHOOL.
A NORWEGIAN NAMED TORBETT.
APPARENTLY HE'S REALLY HOT,
BUT NOT RIGHT FOR THE LONG TERM.
I MISS WHEN I WAS RUNNING AROUND
WITH SCANDINAVIAN STRANGE.
REALLY?
THAT'S WHAT YOU SAY
TO YOUR NEW HUSBAND
RIGHT BEFORE WE'RE ABOUT
TO LEAVE ON OUR HONEYMOON?
I NEED THE KEYS, UNCLE JOE.
I'M JUST GLAD SHE'S NOT
GOING OUT WITH THAT ONE.
WHY? WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOUR NEPHEW?
WOMEN ARE SO BLIND.
COME ON, HONEY. HE'S A PLAYER.
WHAT? HE SEEMS SO SWEET?
LIKE ALL GOOD PLAYERS DO.
OH, YEAH? YOU SAY THAT LIKE
YOU'RE THE MAYOR OF PLAYERTOWN.
UH-HUH. I SERVED FOR TWO TERMS.
LOOK, YOU DON'T HAVE TO BRAG
JUT BECAUSE I HAD
A COLORFUL PAST.
I'M NOT. I'M JUST TELLING YOU
THAT WHEN YOU WERE OUT HAVING YOUR
INAPPROPRIATE NORDIC BOYFRIENDS,
I WAS, UH... WELL,
HOW CAN I PUT THIS?
LET ME SEE. OKAY.
- I WAS UP TO HERE IN...
- THANKS. I GOT IT.
LOOK, ALL I'M SAYING IS
IF A HOUND LIKE THAT
EVER SO MUCH AS LAID A HAND
ON MY PRECIOUS LENNOX,
I SWEAR... THERE HE IS!
HEY! MY FAVORITE NEPHEW.
MARCO, I GOT TO TELL YOU, MAN,
IT'S BEEN REALLY GREAT
HAVING YOU AROUND.
HEY, WITH MY NEW
AUNT RECUPERATING
AND MY NEW COUSIN NEEDING
A LITTLE GUIDANCE,
I'M GLAD TO STICK AROUND AS
LONG AS I CAN BE USEFUL.
IT'S WHAT FAMILY DOES.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I THINK YOU'RE
FINALLY STARTING TO GROW UP, MAN.
GET IN HERE. COME ON.
HEY, HEY! HO! HO!
HEY!
- YOU STILL GOT IT.
- DON'T EVER FORGET IT.
LENNOX, WE'RE LEAVING!
SO LISTEN, DANI.
YOU GOT TO LISTEN TO MARCO AND
LENNOX FOR THE NEXT THREE DAYS.
HEY, I'LL BE FINE.
I ONCE STAYED A WEEK BY MYSELF
WHEN MY MOM TOOK OFF
WITH BRETT MICHAELS.
BRETT MICHAELS? YUM!
REALLY? BRETT MICHAELS?
OH, I THOUGHT SHE SAID
CINNAMON ROLLS. YUM!
I GOT TO SAY, I'M
A LITTLE BUMMED
THAT I JUST GOT HERE AND YOU
GUYS ARE ALREADY GOING AWAY.
SWEETHEART, WE'LL BE
BACK BEFORE YOU KNOW IT.
BYE.
Joey: BE GOOD. LISTEN TO THEM.
- I LOVE YOU, GUYS.
- HEY, KEYS!
OH!
BYE.
I'M REALLY GOING TO MISS YOU!
ALL RIGHT. PARTY TIME!
OH, YEAH. IT'S A
HOMEWORK PARTY UPSTAIRS,
AND YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE INVITED.
OH, COME ON, I'M NEW
AT THAT SCHOOL.
I STILL GOT TWO MORE WEEKS
BEFORE THEY KNOW I
CAN SPEAK ENGLISH.
HOMEWORK, NOW.
- BUT I DON'T NEED...
- NO.
- CAN I JUST...
- MAYBE IF I...
- NO.
- NOW THAT SHE'S GONE...
MARCO...
LENNOX.
WE NEED TO TALK.
AS YOU AND I STRUGGLE TO DEFINE
WHAT WE ARE TO EACH OTHER,
I BELIEVE WHAT I AM TO YOU
IS NEITHER... ANALOGOUS
NOR PARALLEL...
YOU'RE CUTE WHEN YOU'RE THINKY.
YOU NEED TO BE SERIOUS.
NO. WHAT I NEED IS KETCHUP.
OH! THIS IS ONE OF
MY GOOD SHIRTS.
NO, DON'T!
BEST GROCERY RUN YET.
YEAH.
BUT, UM...
I'M AFRAID THAT WAS
THE LAST TIME.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I DON'T REALLY WANT A
BOYFRIEND RIGHT NOW...
AND I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE
TOLD YOU THAT BEFORE.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD'VE.
IT'S JUST... YOU'RE
SO DAMN IRRESISTIBLE.
I REALLY DON'T KNOW
HOW TO TAKE THAT.
A COMPLIMENT WRAPPED
AROUND A PUT-DOWN.
IT'S LIKE AN INSULT CALZONE.
WHOA HO! I THINK I CAN
HANDLE THREE DAYS OF THIS.
HUH? THIS IS AWESOME!
LOOK AT THAT. WE GOT A
LAKE VIEW OVER HERE.
WE GOT, UH...
A VIEW OF THE
MOUNTAINS OVER THERE.
BUT THE BEST VIEW OF ALL,
THAT WOULD BE RIGHT
HERE IN FRONT OF ME.
AWW, JOE, I FULLY INTEND
TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORK SO HARD.
NO, I DO IT FOR ME.
I DO LIKE THIS ROOM.
YEAH, WELL, NOTHING BUT
THE BEST FOR MRS. LONG...
TERM PARTNER FOREVER.
MM-HMM.
LET'S TAKE THIS
NICE AND SLOW, HUH?
SCREW THAT. IT'S
CONSUMMATING TIME.
OH, OKAY. I'M DOWN.
YEAH, SURE. LET'S DO IT,.
HO! I LIKE THAT. I LIKE THAT.
YEAH!
YOU KNOW WHAT? I JUST
THOUGHT ABOUT SOMETHING.
THIS IS GOING TO
BE THE FIRST TIME
THAT YOU HAVE EVER HAD
SEX WITH A MARRIED GUY.
ABSOLUTELY.
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
I'VE EVER DONE THAT.
OOH! IS THIS MARRIED MAN SEX?
SAUCY.
NO, YOU HAD A MOSQUITO ON YOUR BUTT.
LOOK.
- HMM.
- ( buzzing )
OOH! ONE ON YOU, TOO.
WHAT THE... WHAT THE...
THEY'RE EVERYWHERE!
YOU LEFT THE WINDOW OPEN!
I WAS TRYING TO GET
SOME FRESH AIR IN HERE!
YOU GOT TO AT LEAST
CLOSE THE SCREEN!
OH, GREAT. YOU'RE LOCKING
THEM IN HERE WITH US NOW!
YOU'RE THE MAN.
START KILLING THEM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK I'M DOING?
GIVING THEM HIGH-FIVES?
YOU KNOW WHAT? MAYBE
THIS WILL STOP THEM.
WHAT? HONEY, THAT'S SUNSCREEN.
YEAH, MAYBE IT WILL WORK.
OH, NICE. WELL, AT LEAST
THEY WON'T GET SKIN CANCER.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU...
( both scream )
BUT WE'RE SO GOOD TOGETHER.
MARCO, I DIDN'T PLAN
IT THIS WAY, OKAY?
I'M JUST TRYING TO
BE HONEST WITH YOU.
YOU AND I HAVE NO FUTURE AS
BOYFRIEND AND GIRLFRIEND,
AND THE SOONER WE
BOTH ACCEPT THAT...
I JUST FEEL... USED.
THERE YOU GUYS ARE.
I WAS YELLING UPSTAIRS
AND NOBODY ANSWERED.
WHAT WERE YOU GUYS DOING?
- GROCERIES.
- SCRATCHING.
INTERESTING.
ANYWAY, WHAT I WAS YELLING
ABOUT WAS DINNER.
WHAT'S HAPPENING WITH THAT?
UM... OH, I THINK WE
HAVE LEFTOVER PIZZA.
WE DO. WE DO.
I WILL HEAT SOME UP AS I
AM ONLY HERE TO HELP.
I SHOULD PROBABLY GET
SOME STUDYING DONE.
I SHOULD PROBABLY HELP HER.
I THINK YOU'RE JUST TRYING
TO AVOID TALKING TO ME.
AM NOT.
THIS IS STUDYING?
I WON'T BE ABLE TO
CONCENTRATE ON MY SCHOOLWORK
UNTIL I SEE WHAT HAPPENS
ON HOOKING UP TONIGHT.
WHOA. YOU'RE TOO YOUNG
TO WATCH THAT SHOW.
PLEASE. I'VE TOURED WITH
MY MOM AND BLACK SABBATH.
I'VE SEEN STUFF THAT WOULD
BE BLOCKED ON YOUTUBE.
OKAY, THEN I'LL
WATCH IT WITH YOU.
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO DISCOURAGE ME?
I'VE NEVER SEEN THIS SHOW.
I THOUGHT SHOWS LIKE THIS
WERE ONLY ON THE COMPUTER.
WE'RE GOING TO FIND OUT
IF CHLOE'S GOING TO
STICK WITH THIS GUY
SHE JUMPED ON JUST FOR FUN,
BUT DOESN'T WANT TO HAVE A
REAL RELATIONSHIP WITH.
THAT SOUNDS MOST INTRIGUING.
- TELL ME MORE.
- OKAY.
SHE HAD A FLING WITH
THIS REAL CUTE GUY,
BUT DOESN'T THINK HE CAN
CUT IT AS A BOYFRIEND.
MAYBE SHE SHOULD JUST
GIVE THIS GUY A CHANCE.
IS HE NICE TO HER?
HE'S SWEET.
AND THEY HAVE CHEMISTRY.
SO WHAT IS THIS GIRL'S PROBLEM?
WELL, SHE THINKS...
THE PROBLEM IS SHE DOESN'T
WANT TO HURT HIM.
SHE'S NOT A HORRIBLE PERSON,
BUT SHE JUST GOT OUT
OF A RELATIONSHIP
AND SHE'S NOT READY
FOR A NEW ONE.
I ASSUME.
DO YOU TWO REALLY THINK
YOU'RE FOOLING ANYBODY?
Melissa: HARDER. HARDER!
Joey: ARE YOU SURE?
- I DON'T WANT TO HURT YOU.
- CAN HANDLE IT.
Melissa: OH, THAT'S IT.
THAT'S THE SPOT.
OH, IT'S SO GOOD.
Joey: NOW IT'S MY TURN.
YOU HAVE TO DO ME.
Melissa: NO, I'M
NOT FINISHED YET.
Joey: COME ON. MY
HAND'S GETTING TIRED.
Melissa: THEN USE THE
OTHER HAND, DAMN IT.
OH, YEAH. OH, YEAH.
OH! NO. NO, NO. IT'S
JUST NOT DOING IT.
LOOK, YOU SEEMED
TO BE ENJOYING IT.
YEAH, WELL, I GOT CLOSE.
BUT I JUST...
I NEED CALAMINE LOTION.
YOU NEED CALAMINE... HEY!
IT'S MY TURN. COME ON,
YOU HAVE TO DO MY BACK.
DO YOURSELF.
YOU KNOW WHAT? IT'S
NOT GOING TO WORK.
I JUST GOT TOO MANY MUSCLES.
WOW.
THAT EPISODE WAS
ESPECIALLY INAPPROPRIATE.
I AM NOW A FAN OF
THIS HOOKING UP SHOW.
AND I GOT TO SAY,
I'M GLAD TO SEE
CHLOE'S GOING TO TRY
TO MAKE IT WORK WITH FLING GUY.
I DON'T THINK IT'S A
SMART DECISION AT ALL.
THESE CHARACTERS ARE
MAKING TERRIBLE CHOICES.
AND IT'S A TV SHOW.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO
IMITATE THEIR BEHAVIOR.
- EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT.
- ( alarm beeping )
YOU GUYS STAY BACK.
DANI, GO IN THE OTHER ROOM.
( alarm beeping )
( snorts ) IT'S THE TOASTER.
YOU BETTER BE WATCHING
HOW TO PLEASE YOUR WOMAN VIDEOS.
NO, WE JUST GOT A
SECURITY ALERT.
OOH! YOU LOOK FANTASTIC.
I'LL LET YOU PLAY
CONNECT THE DOTS LATER.
SO WHAT'S THIS SECURITY ALERT?
IT WAS A SMOKE ALARM.
YEAH, BECAUSE SOMEBODY HERE
DIDN'T CLEAN THE CRUMBS
OUT OF THE TOASTER LIKE
THEY SAID THEY DID.
UH, I CLEANED IT OUT.
MM-HMM. I'M SURE YOU DID.
YEAH. NO, I DID. IT WASN'T ME.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
WELL, IT SORT OF
SEEMS LIKE IT DOES.
IT'S A MESS IN THERE, BUT
AT LEAST THE FIRE'S OUT.
THAT WAS... AMAZING.
YEAH. MY NONA USED TO
FALL ASLEEP SMOKING,
SO I GOT PRETTY HANDY
WITH THESE BABIES.
I'M JUST SO GLAD YOU WERE HERE.
ME, TOO.
WE'RE ALL GOOD NOW.
UM, SO I GUESS I'M
JUST GOING TO GO PACK.
THERE'S A BUS LATER TO NEWARK...
AND THAT'LL BE THAT.
WAS THAT A KISS FOR
YOUR BOYFRIEND
OR A KISS JUST 'CAUSE I'M
SO DAMNED IRRESISTIBLE?
BOYFRIEND.
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
YEAH.
YOU'RE NOT THAT HARD TO RESIST.
I TOLD YOU IT WASN'T ME.
IN MY OWN HOUSE.
YOU KNOW, IT'S A GOOD THING
POOR TORBETT'S NOT SEEING...
OH!
I GOT TO SAY, AMAZING
SECURITY SYSTEM.
LOOK, YOU CAN ZOOM IN.
NO THANKS.
WELL, WE CONSUMMATED,
AND IN RECORD TIME,
BUT THAT DOES NOT COUNT AS
OFFICIAL HONEYMOON SEX.
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY,
IT WASN'T SO BAD.
WELL, MAYBE NEXT
TIME WE CAN DO IT
WITH ALL OF OUR CLOTHES OFF.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I JUST CANNOT BELIEVE
THIS MARCO, MAN.
"HEY, UNCLE JOE.
"HERE TO HELP OUT THE FAMILY."
YEAH, MORE LIKE
HELPING HIMSELF OUT.
LOOK, I OBVIOUSLY HAVE TO GO
AND DEAL WITH THIS
WHOLE SITUATION,
BUT WHY DON'T YOU STAY
HERE FOR A COUPLE DAYS
AND JUST ENJOY YOURSELF?
YEAH, JUST HANG OUT HERE
WITH THE MOSQUITOES
AND WATCH THE HOW TO
CHECK OUT CHANNEL.
I'M GOING WITH YOU.
OKAY, I'M GOING TO
GO GET THE CAR.
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, WE'RE IN THIS
FOR BETTER OR FOR WORSE.
I'M JUST WAITING FOR
THE BETTER PART.